[Platform] Add support for Google vertex AI (#297)
symfony/ai: src/ai-bundle/doc/index.rst

                    class: 'Symfony\AI\Platform\Bridge\OpenAi\Gpt'
                    name: !php/const Symfony\AI\Platform\Bridge\OpenAi\Gpt::GPT_4O_MINI

> **Advanced Example with Anthropic, Azure, Gemini, VertexAi and multiple agents**

Reviewer: the official product name is "Vertex AI" i guess
```suggestion
**Advanced Example with Anthropic, Azure, Gemini, Vertex AI and multiple agents**
```

                    api_version: '%env(AZURE_GPT_VERSION)%'
            gemini:
                api_key: '%env(GEMINI_API_KEY)%'

>             vertexAi:

Reviewer: would be 
```yaml
            vertex_ai:
```
or
```yaml
            vertexai:
```
